README.md, before:




Notes:

card images should be 275px wide
check secret file for git auth code

To Do list:

1) DONE!!!Add full card list to db.json
2) DONE!!!Allow users to filter cards
3) Validate card additions to ensure they're within legal limit
4) DONE!!! Create export button
5) DONE!!! Write code for export button to generate TTS-readable deck list
6) DONE!!! Download TTS-readable deck list to local device
7) DONE!!! Host web app online (Heroku? AWS?)
8) DONE!!! Allow users to empty out their deck list
9) Allow users to name and save their deck lists
10) Make prettier buttons for adding and removing cards
11) Write helpful, user friendly README
12) Add instructions on how to use + save decklist
13) DONE!!! Display how many cards are currently in deck
14) DONE!!! Figure out more elegant way to redraw quantities without re-rendering every image
15) Ensure that cards use actual art instead of old art from localStorage (loadCardFromLocalStorage() may need to refresh art)
16) Done!!! Figure out how to get nginx conf file to work with www-data as the user instead of root (apparently thats dangerous)
17) DONE!!! Get deckbuilder app to be accessible via herebemonstersthegame (prob with a subdomain)
18) DONE!!! Figure out if you can run two flask apps at once so you can have the player database running, or if this needs to be on another instance
19) DONE!!! Clicking Reset Filters removes the filter window - it shouldnt do that
20) DONE!!! reset filters button needs to reset pirate/ship/shanty
21) a_fresh_day_at_sea and adventurous_spirit both do a weird flicker thing, see if there's any comonality between them that would be making them do that


WINDOWS FILEPATH:
Documents > My games > Tabletop Sim > Saved > Saved Objects

MAC FILEPATH:
User > Libary > Tabletop sim > Saved > Saved Objects

Commit message:

carson got art to work so now we have to update cards

README.md, after:




Notes:

card images should be 275px wide
check secret file for git auth code

To Do list:

1) DONE!!!Add full card list to db.json
2) DONE!!!Allow users to filter cards
3) Validate card additions to ensure they're within legal limit
4) DONE!!! Create export button
5) DONE!!! Write code for export button to generate TTS-readable deck list
6) DONE!!! Download TTS-readable deck list to local device
7) DONE!!! Host web app online (Heroku? AWS?)
8) DONE!!! Allow users to empty out their deck list
9) Allow users to name and save their deck lists
10) Make prettier buttons for adding and removing cards
11) Write helpful, user friendly README
12) Add instructions on how to use + save decklist
13) DONE!!! Display how many cards are currently in deck
14) DONE!!! Figure out more elegant way to redraw quantities without re-rendering every image
15) DONE!!! Ensure that cards use actual art instead of old art from localStorage (loadCardFromLocalStorage() may need to refresh art)
16) Done!!! Figure out how to get nginx conf file to work with www-data as the user instead of root (apparently thats dangerous)
17) DONE!!! Get deckbuilder app to be accessible via herebemonstersthegame (prob with a subdomain)
18) DONE!!! Figure out if you can run two flask apps at once so you can have the player database running, or if this needs to be on another instance
19) DONE!!! Clicking Reset Filters removes the filter window - it shouldnt do that
20) DONE!!! reset filters button needs to reset pirate/ship/shanty
21) a_fresh_day_at_sea and adventurous_spirit both do a weird flicker thing, see if there's any comonality between them that would be making them do that
22) Ensure that card art works not only for website but also for TTS deck that you download
23) Make cards searchable by crew
24) Add art to all cards
25) Update all cards card text


WINDOWS FILEPATH:
Documents > My games > Tabletop Sim > Saved > Saved Objects

MAC FILEPATH:
User > Libary > Tabletop sim > Saved > Saved Objects
